We were headed for the edge of sanity...
like we were apparitions...phantoms
trust gave way to doubt...
hope to superstition...
The tragedy of the Essex is the story of men...
and a demon.
wow, Chris Hemsworth sure is busy
these days!
yes it seems even ol' Marvel doesn't
have any faith in a Thor 3
nor do I think they should, Hollywood is
still willing to take a
a gamble with mister Hemsworth who
certainly does look
every inch the movie star - even if he has yet to really deliver movie star
box office. I think is biggest non-Marvel hit to date
his ONLY non-Marvel hit to date, is Snow White and the
Huntsman but I think Charlize Theron had
a lot to do with the success there
that film but also whole fairy tale I
live action fairy tale trent played into
that
heavily on this this reminds me a lot of
russia now I love russians are my three
favorite films
last year and this of course is Chris
Hemsworth redeeming
with Ron Howard directed that movie and
rush was really I think such incredible
achievement just
not only is it on itself but in terms of
ron howard's career
really was at the top of his game as I
said when I reputed that he was
%uh you know I'm he was directing is it
for the first time as if he was an indie
director was something to prove not
one of the most well-known names in
hollywood I which
course Ron Howard is pretty is run into
some trouble his career he almost is
a new director trying to prove himself I
think he proved himself quite well
rush but the box office and the awards
circuit
as I something different to say about
that obviously it wasn't much a
contender there don't see
this from being much a contender I think
marge is a great release date for it
because I think it's gonna have a hard
time that both
I would audiences and you know the
industry terms as the word sec
I also surprised that he would redeem
Daniel Bruhl
I love Daniel Bruhl so much in that film
%uh rush
I thought he was the break at Town team
swirling bait that film
I you know rev its engines and he just
has really got nothing yet which is so
disappointing
it I guess that if the state really
called cool off is our reputation in
Hollywood
which unfortunately came around the same
time is rush but I really feel it and
will ship got more out
fell a bigger sums it seems to be the
only one doing
I sideline victory lap now disaster this
film itself it looks
looks beautiful that reminds me a lot of
Master and Commander which I'm still not
over I know somebody like to say oh
that's a great fell
she of course poem is subjective and i'm
glad you enjoyed Master and Commander
but you know what couldn't even clear
100 million in the United States only
made a little over 200 million worldwide
and a $250 million dollar budget so
it no cocaine or close to making its
money back huge money loser actually
and of course again not recognized even
critically
I'm certainly not during awards season
certainly not really any way it's
so you have to wonder what's the point
in making a movie like this
I if it's not going to have any 1c and
no one's gonna recognizes birds
for its achievements I do think it looks
like a beautiful will be
and I became what we're interested in it
with that kinda actually montage into
the trailer I was like oh that's cool
whatever I've never seen whaling before
it's kind of interesting and
other way the wheels coming into the
water that's pretty scary
but they know makes me think that the
%uh this is a true story but yeah
there's a similar true story with the
sun read please call the indianapolis
other I know that a lot of people in
hollywood trying to make robert downey
junior's even circling
that project trying to get it I made
although i think is pretty busy these
days to school here
realize nobody wants to see him outside
the Iron Man said after the judge's box
office
but I'm thinking if you want to make a
movie about it but you guys stranded in
the water curing with the harsh elements
that's your movie The Indianapolis a
very famous story of course we counted
in just the first Joss are famously on a
boat
up but then you also i watch this movie
I'm like you
while you just make Moby Dick Moby Dick
there's all its Gregory Peck version for
a long time ago certainly not can
capabilities we have dangers filmmaking
and I think the very least people will
be like you know what I should see Moby
Dick I should be familiar with the story
and I sure as heck don't wanna read a
book
I've read the books require reading I
believe in most educational systems
I it's obviously classic but I think
it's a very rich classic that could
really benefit from a good adaptation
and I think that seeing based on what
I'm saying here
%uh this might be a team that could do
it so I just
fired producer and ron howard said to me
hey I'd like to middle ground hard to
resist
this is Brian Grazer so I guess a fire
the studio and he said I want to make
this movie about whaling
I'd be like
just go make Moby Dick you know I mean I
think that I
again to quote skull becoming quite
quickly becoming one of my favorite
quotes from inside Llewyn Davis cuz
just so on the nose and we're F murray
Abraham says
I just don't see a lot of money here and
that's my biggest cheap problem with
this trailer even though it looks
beautiful I just come to understand
Ron Howard is still acting yes all the
town tallest getting a
all the skill set although resources he
could possibly what obviously based on
the way this looks
but I just don't think he's using them
properly and it's a shame to see such
wonderful
elements here that are really expressed
a kingdom the whole
I think not used to their best text to
the best their capabilities
I to reach the widest audience and to
make the biggest impression
but we'll see we'll see a change to what
you guys think do you think this is
another
Master and Commander sis Master and
Commander two only to please a few
die-hard fans
are you think this has some shot and
being successful
are or do you think I you know Ron
Howard is just making another mistake
after rush what should have been a
mistake but I think largely
kind was in state considering how little
traction really got for anybody involved
in the picture
alright to thank you so much for joining
and my trailer review I hope you leave
your own thoughts down below and you can
check out some more episodes
right now